#README
1. SAP scores:aggregation propensity
N. Chennamsetty, V. Voynov, V. Kayser, B. Helk, B.L. Trout Prediction of aggregation prone regions of therapeutic proteins J. Phys. Chem. B, 114 (2010), pp. 6614-6624

#hydrophobicity:Hydrophobicity can relate to aggregation propensity, solubility, viscosity, self-interaction, and
protein stability, making it useful to predict potential downstream risks. Aggregation of antibody
therapeutics can lead to precipitation and shortened storage period of drugs before administration,
while aggregation in vivo can increase the immunogenicity of the drug. To predict the solubility and aggregation propensity of protein, several prediction tools have
been developed, 
1.SOLart
2. CamSol:solubility of sequences 
P. Sormanni, F.A. Aprile, M. Vendruscolo The CamSol method of rational design of protein mutants with enhanced solubility J. Mol. Biol., 427 (2015), pp. 478-490
3. ML model, Aggrescan3D

#Immunogenicity
1. Immune epitope database analysis resource (IEDB-AR) is a comprehensive website that provides several computational tools focused
on the prediction and analysis of B and T cell epitopes
2. Biophi: Merke and Bitton's group: Sapiens, transformer enconder-based language model
3. HuMab: Deane group, train on OAS 2Billion sequences, random forest model

#Pharmacokinetic clearance
Pharmacokinetic (PK) clearance determines the half-life of an antibody and therefore determines
how long an antibody drug can remain in the body after administration. Isoelectric point (pI), viscosity, immunogenicity, non-specificity, aggregation, and stability are factors related to clinical PK
clearance rate. the pI is the most essential

Kabat region definition provided by the abYsis webtool version 3.4.1 
http://www.abysis.org/abysis/index.html
Swindells, M. B. et al. abYsis: integrated antibody sequence and structure—management, analysis, and prediction. J. Mol. Biol. 429, 356–364 (2017).

https://opig.stats.ox.ac.uk/webapps/sabdab-sabpred/sabpred/tap

https://www.sdab-db.ca/

#predict overall developability using antibody sequences or structures
1. http://www.abysis.org/abysis
2. Predicting Antibody Developability from Sequence using Machine Learning


#Antibody structure modeling methods
1.ABodyBuilder
A. Annotate and number antibody sequence
B. Select framework template with high homology
C. Model VH-VL orientation
D. Model CDR loop templates by ab initio modeling
E. Model side chains using SCWRL4 software

2.Ablooper
A. Input geometry for each CDR loop with its residues
B. Introduce it into graph neural network, named E(n)-Equivariant Graph Neural Networks
[E(n)-EGNN], to predict the positions of all backbone atoms
C. Predict CDR loop structures

3.DeepAb
A. Adopt a recurrent neural network encoder–decoder model, where a bidirectional long
short-term memory can learn features from sequences, which are evolutionary features
and structural features.
B. Predict invariant features which are then used for reconstructing structures with Rosetta


4.IgFold
A. Convert antibody sequences into contextual embeddings using AntiBERTy
B. Predict atomic coordinates using a series of Transformer layers
C. Refine the predicted structures using Rosetta
The IgFold incorporated template structures, leading to more accurate predictions, especially on nanobody structures [45]

#modeling of an antibody/antigen complex structure
